we're at the Asus Booth here at CES 2024
to see something that I really wasn't
expecting this soon we're used to seeing
nucks in has been making them for a long
time they're really awesome small
computers with a lot of horsepower
generally relative to their size but
having Asus before that is a new thing
see back last year Asus acquired the
nuck everything apparently even
employees which is kind of crazy fast
forward like a couple of months and
there's now an Rog
knock I don't think it's going to be
cheap but it looks cool and I imagine
it's going to go pretty fast now
unfortunately I don't have a box so the
unboxing is going to have to be taking
the thing apart which when I asked about
it they were a little skittish we'll see
what happens there for iio on the back
we've got another two 10 gig USB ports
these ones curiously are labeled as 10
gig but you can see that they're little
black ports these are just going to be
USB 2.0 they just have to fix the silk
screen for the mass production version
we've got 2.5 gig Intel ethernet a 40 GB
Thunderbolt Port that does do USB power
delivery they would expect if the system
is you know not running like a gaming
lad that this can put out around 90
watts and then during gaming about 65 if
it needs to so it's kind of a dynamic
power delivery got HDMI 2.1 DP 1.4a and
then they power in for the big power
brake that means you can run four 4K
displays off of this machine I kind of
doubt that most people will do that but
if you wanted to you could and there's
also a keny lock which is a nice thing
to see around front we have those other
two us ports an SD card reader and a
combo mic headphone jack and then the
power button so why don't we turn it on
hey it works Nvidia confidential what
the heck show it get Asus in trouble as
configured this is the core 7
155h configuration so this is the lower
end model but still testing pretty good
like 32,000 in CPU Mark is pretty
respectable for the 3D mark this is what
I'm more curious about 360 TI scores
like 20,000 half during the pass Mark
run the highest we got on the GPU was
103 watts and the highest we got on the
CPU was also 103 watt that being said
any sort of like temperature or
performance numbers are kind of to be
taken with a grain of salt um this is a
pre-production unit it's still still
scoring pretty well but could be
different than what you end up with and
also this is the lower-end model um
maybe we run like cine bench just for
funsies the CPU is at 106 degrees but it
is drawing 100 Watts technically intel
only rates this CPU to stay sustained at
65 WS anything higher than that is Turbo
so it is still turboing it really
doesn't feel like the fans are going
that
hard maybe it's cuz it's an engineering
sample maybe it's cuz they just want it
to be a quiet system there's definitely
heat coming off there though I mean sure
it's not a cin bench content creation
machine but it's still scoring
well above a 5800 X desktop chip in
cinebench and this is the lower end skew
this is hilarious tread rer 2990 WX 32
core it's 1,200 points this is 1,000
points this is 32 cores from several
years ago is only 20% faster than the 16
cores I've never run cinam bench GPU I
didn't even know that this was a thing
wow it scores the same as a Radeon Pro W
6800 which I have zero Conta
for 1440p right now um I get 200 FPS I
mean performing pretty well I don't know
I honestly don't have that much context
for CS2 as to what this would be but you
guys can make your own judgment based on
that 1440p maxed out the settings we
tried to update the NVIDIA drivers and
it didn't work it's pre-release Hardware
so probably some Nvidia lock but in the
game our GPU was drawing
between and 90 Watts pretty consistently
sitting at around
70° CPU temp is high I have a sneaking
suspicion that maybe there is something
going on with the CPU Cooler given that
it's a pre-release it wasn't drawing
much power seemingly in the 30 to 45
watt range theyed reasonably quiet
although the noise floor in here is
super high cool let's take it apart but
first let me tell you about our sponsor
thanks to B quiet for sponsoring our
20124 CES coverage if you're shopping
for your next PC or just new components
in general make sure to check out be
quiet the premium products include PC
cases power supplies Water and Air
Cooling and fans for desktop PCS with
roots in Germany they've been in the
industry for more than 20 years and
specialize in making high quality parts
that are nearly inaudible this year at
CES they're showcasing new white PC
cases white fans and even white hard
drive cages so step into the world of
Silent Computing with be quiet at the
link down
below oh look at that beauty damn boy
that's some big fans it looks like this
whole section here
is just one big old heat sink and then
you've got two discret blower style
fans I give you my word it will go back
together I'm not giving you my word that
it will work for storage right now it's
a Samsung kind of OEM looking SSD uh
they have not confirmed this yet uh or
the capacities even but they said they
probably expect maybe a 512 and a 1 TB
skew but the interesting thing is you
will be able to buy this as a Bare Bones
which is pretty cool not something I
would expect from
but welcome nonetheless regardless of
what spec you were to buy there is three
m.2 slots they are all pcie Gen 4 by4
you could load this thing up with like
24 tabt of Sab 8 tab drives if you
wanted it's soim slots which is great I
would kind of expect a system like this
to have soldered memory which is a sad
State of Affairs but this one does not
uh they expect the actual configurations
to be a 1632 probably but you can also
get a bare bones and put whatever you
want in it I asked if if in the Bios
you'll be able to screw around with like
memory timings and the answer I got was
TBD um but at the very least it will
work with 5600 which is reasonably fast
for a system like this I got
confirmation there won't be any sort of
XMP settings it's because Intel meteor
Lake doesn't support it so they're
they're taking the easy route and saying
well Intel said I can't do it I've seen
motherboard computer manufacturers go
around stuff like that before just
saying just saying all of the m.2 slots
have a toolless mechanism to kind of go
along with the tooless theme this one is
an Intel killer ax 1690 I it's a 2x2
Wi-Fi 60 chip so we can do a60 wide 60
okay so there's the Wi-Fi antenna that's
cool that's a good place to put them on
the front so even if you slide this into
your like Media Console or whatever
still has the antennas exposed they
don't have a backup of this so if I
break it it's the demo is broken and
ooo hey look at that woo the CPU looks
so baby compared to the GPU speaking of
CPU there's going to be two options for
this chassi a core Ultra 9 185h and a
core Ultra 7 155h they're both 16 core
chips they both have the same
performance efficiency low power
efficiency configuration the main
difference boost clocks and base clocks
are going to be higher on the ultra 9
and then you're also going to see a
lower base power on the ultra 7 and the
GPU will be a little bit slower that
being said the TDP of both is
technically the same 45 watts and the
max assured power which is what Intel
rates in optimal circumstances it should
be able to run consistently at is the
same on both and uh Asus is saying that
they should be able to run at that 65
wat TDP consistently with this thermal
solution that being said when you move
over to the GPU there is some kind of
funky power stuff going on there this
can either be an RTX 4060 or 4070
obviously the mobile skew uh so you're
looking at 115 W TDP on both of those
chips but they have Dynamic boost which
means it can kind of intelligently steal
power from the CPU and allocate it to
the GPU if it thinks that that will give
you a better gaming experience which a
lot of the time uh it can so it can go
all the way up to 140 WS which again
Asus says they're targeting to make sure
it can do sustain consistently uh and
handle that full load which is great cuz
sometimes you see like a 4060 or 4 7 in
a laptop and you're like oh that's great
and then it's a 35 wat capped 470 and
you're
like okay that's not really what I was
wanting to buy there is a vapor chamber
over the GPU which is pretty baller and
then the CPU just has these two
gargantuan heat pipes overall it seems
like a relatively serviceable relatively
tooless at least as far as uh normies
would go let's say you can buy it as a
barebones which I like but there is
still kind of one C avat which is the
price if you look at other kind of big
Brands similar systems it's not entirely
out to lunch I was told you're looking
around $14 to $1,500 for the Bare Bones
with the 4060 and the lower-end core7
and probably around $1,800 for the
barebones of the higher end 470 skew if
you were going to purchase a complete
system with ram and storage you're
looking around 17 to 1800 for the lower
tier 4060 model or around 21 to 22 for
the higher end 470 model which is not
nothing it's a fair bit of money I don't
know what else I would compare it to it
obviously if you compare to a custom
built system which is going to be a lot
larger you have to build it all these
things obviously the price to
Performance is not going to be the same
but if you need something that's small
seemingly quiet and seemingly tooless
this could be a serious option to look
at you'll see in a few months I guess
maybe we'll do a full review let us know
down in the comments if you want to see
that get subscribed like don't miss out
with the rest of our CES show coverage
goodbye